Oh Elsa I'm so excited that you still
want me to be a realtor and then I'm
showing you this other house so this is
the perfect house for Queen it comes
furnished and it even comes with this
awesome TV oh wait a minute and my TV oh
I am look how beautiful I look well just
think about all the different careers I
have I'm so amazing um
barmy can you show me the rest of the
house please oh yeah of course Lola so
here's the kitchen
and here's a refrigerator you can tell
this is a very modern home because look
at the beautiful turquoise refrigerator
oh I do love the color turquoise oh and
look al says since I'm such a great
realtor I made us some muffins whoa uh
wait a minute I forgot to put the batter
in Oh whoops well moving on let me show
you the rest of this awesome house so
just I love these weird-looking stairs
right here and I'll show you the bedroom
wow I've never seen stairs like this
before
okay so upstairs is a bedroom and it
does come furnished I decorated this
vacation home oh right on you even get
to keep this picture frame with me wow
that is a good selling point I've always
wanted a picture of you in my house oh I
know everybody does and you'll have the
perfect night's sleep in this vacation
home because of this plastic pillow and
thin blanket okay now let's go I'll show
you something else amazing if you have
your own crane you can put the spinner
from the top floor down here next to the
kitchen whoa that was crazy
here now let me show you the best part
of this house look at this amazing
backyard you can stay out here with your
sister Anna and just have a great time
and look this house comes with two
barbecues and little paper one and then
a real plastic line also the outside
connects with the kitchen so you can
just turn this TV around and watch
Barbie some more oh I just look so good
in on the TV uh Barbie are you done
watching TV yet ooh ooh I look great oh
yeah yeah let me show you the rest of
the house now this is the real selling
point of this house it's this tall and
look I am so strong I can even push it
towards you oh I'm tired from that I
love this pool that needs just one more
thing this chair you could just have fun
in the Sun all day see you need work on
your tan so this would be perfect for
you
hi well I usually like being out in the
cold but I guess I could try out a
swimming pool Oh trust me Elsa you'll
love it come come sit right next to me
by the pool all right I might as well
try something new now this place is
amazing and watch this I'm going to dive
in with my clothes on we only count
Barbie that was crazy you know you're
not supposed to dive in shallow pools
right oh yeah I guess you're right well
Elsa do you want miss house oh yeah I
think I do well sorry you can't have it
it's mine yep it's all mine what Barbie
why did he show me a house that's not
for sale hi I sure picked you I was just
kidding you can have this house with you
well I'll move in tomorrow oh wow I
can't wait well I better go til on it
I'll see you later thanks for watching
it please click on the middle the screen
to watch my Barbie review of this
vacation home thank you